good morning it's january
22 2021
and if you can believe it
it's a friday once again
here in l.a it looks like some clouds
this morning
very still right now 54 degrees
fahrenheit
around 12 celsius
there are many things happening these
days
indicating a better time is coming for
our world
and it makes me think of the beatles
and another song written by george
harrison
here comes the sun
should be going up to only 60 degrees
fahrenheit
around 16
celsius this afternoon and it looks like
we're going to be having
clouds all day long
[Music]
and even a chance of rain tonight
but after all it is winter in l.a
but buried in winter
is the promise of spring
everyone have a great day